[PL-51075] SMP 0.14.8 patch RN (#6655)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/self-managed-enterprise-edition.md

:::

## May 10, 2024, patch version 0.14.8

This release includes the following Harness module and component versions.

| **Name** | **Version** |
| :-- | :--: |
| Helm Chart | [0.14.8](https://github.com/harness/helm-charts/releases/tag/harness-0.14.8) |
| Air Gap Bundle | [0.14.8](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.14.8) |
| NG Manager | 1.24.9 |
| CI Manager | 1.12.5 |
| Pipeline Service | 1.61.5 |
| Platform Service | 1.12.0 |
| Access Control Service | 1.33.2 |
| Delegate | 24.02.82203 |
| Change Data Capture | 1.5.3 |
| STO Core | 1.83.8 |
| Test Intelligence Service | 1.8.1 |
| NG UI | 1.7.6 |
| LE NG | 1.1.0 |

> **Alternative air gap bundle download method**

Reviewer: Maybe make this a level-4 heading?

Author: Nice catch @douglas-j-bothwell . Updated for all versions.

Some admins might not have Google account access to download air gap bundles. As an alternative, you can use `gsutil`. For `gsutil` installation instructions, go to [Install gsutil](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/gsutil_install) in the Google Cloud documentation.

```
gsutil -m cp \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.14.8/ccm_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.14.8/cdng_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.14.8/ce_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.14.8/cet_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.14.8/ci_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.14.8/ff_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.14.8/platform_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.14.8/sto_images.tgz" \
  .
```

### Early access feature

> - Currently, in artifact and manifest triggers, when a build is removed from the artifact server, it is automatically deleted from the cache of the trigger. As a result, if this build is uploaded again, the trigger will use it once more to initiate the underlying pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The current behavior for artifact and manifest triggers is that, when a build is removed from the artifact server, it is automatically deleted from the cache of the trigger. As a result, if this build is uploaded again, the trigger will use it once more to initiate the underlying pipeline.
```
Optional. Not sure this wording is necessarily better but it does remove one comma.

>    You can now change this behavior for artifact and manifest triggers to guarantee a trigger is activated only once per collected build. Even if the build is deleted and subsequently pushed again, the trigger will not fire a second time. This option is behind the feature flag `CDS_DISABLE_POLLED_KEYS_EVICTION_FOR_ARTIFACT_TRIGGER_POLLING_DOCUMENT`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. (PIPE-18763)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can now change this behavior for artifact and manifest triggers to guarantee that a trigger is activated only once per collected build. Even if the build is deleted and subsequently pushed again, the trigger will not fire a second time. This option is behind the feature flag `CDS_DISABLE_POLLED_KEYS_EVICTION_FOR_ARTIFACT_TRIGGER_POLLING_DOCUMENT`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. (PIPE-18763)
```
